mine's got a flag up now what's the rep
ups are here pinky sir gone back to the
first incident yes yeah it's got a
yellow card out seem to let play go on
for a few moments for quite rightly
produced the yellow and knowing this
referee like I do I think he's going to
brandish a car for the foul a moment ago
that you are thoughts though eastbrook
Cynthia spot on as well pod good referee
and try and let the game continued but
don't forget about that tackle because
it wasn't good enough now the referees
couldn't have a word about the earlier
incident more than a word actually say
yellow card and the other referees did
the right thing by boots like to let
play go on but they never forgot that
initial challenge it deserved the yellow
car now referees have long memories and
yet I thought so yellow card for the
file that he played the advantage on no
problem there for me Claud the referee
was correct he produced the yellow card
after trying to rather play to develop
now the referee has pulled playback no
advantage but he's deemed the original
file worthy of a yellow card I thought
he'd as she let him get away with that
club and he'd every right you know to it
administer a yellow car there that's a
poor challenge I wants to wrap up to
here pinky sir gone back to the first
instant yes yeah it's got a yellow card
out seems to let play go on for a few
moments but quite rightly produced the
yellow and knowing this rectory like I
do I think he's going to brandish a card
for the fall a moment ago there you are
so each book Tim yep spot on as well for
a good referee and try and let the game
continued but don't forget about that
tackle because it wasn't good in him now
the referees couldn't have a word about
the earlier incident at more than a word
actually say yellow card and the other
referees did the right thing lively try
to let play gone but they never forgot
that initial challenge it deserved the
yellow card now referees have long
memories couldn't have a word about the
earlier incident more than a word
actually say yellow card and eat other
referees did the right thing Clive we
tried to let play go on but he never
forgot that initial challenge you
deserve the yellow card normally some